com/mygdx/game/App/Texto.java
 com.mygdx.game.App.Texto
com/mygdx/game/App/TamanioItem.java
 com.mygdx.game.App.TamanioItem
com/mygdx/game/Eventos/Entrada.java
 com.mygdx.game.Eventos.Entrada
com/mygdx/game/App/Enemigo.java
 com.mygdx.game.App.Enemigo
com/mygdx/game/Eventos/EntradaMovimiento.java
 com.mygdx.game.Eventos.EntradaMovimiento
com/mygdx/game/App/Acciones.java
 com.mygdx.game.App.Acciones
com/mygdx/game/Pantalla/PantallaBatalla.java
 com.mygdx.game.Pantalla.PantallaBatalla
com/mygdx/game/Utiles/Render.java
 com.mygdx.game.Utiles.Render
com/mygdx/game/Elementos/Texto.java
 com.mygdx.game.Elementos.Texto
com/mygdx/game/Utiles/Config.java
 com.mygdx.game.Utiles.Config
com/mygdx/game/App/Entrenador.java
 com.mygdx.game.App.Entrenador
com/mygdx/game/App/Elixir.java
 com.mygdx.game.App.Elixir
com/mygdx/game/App/Turno.java
 com.mygdx.game.App.Turno
com/mygdx/game/App/Compa.java
 com.mygdx.game.App.Compa
com/mygdx/game/App/Digimon.java
 com.mygdx.game.App.Digimon
com/mygdx/game/Elementos/Botones.java
 com.mygdx.game.Elementos.Botones
com/mygdx/game/App/Pocion.java
 com.mygdx.game.App.Pocion
com/mygdx/game/Pantalla/PantallaCreacion.java
 com.mygdx.game.Pantalla.PantallaCreacion
 com.mygdx.game.Pantalla.PantallaCreacion$1
 com.mygdx.game.Pantalla.PantallaCreacion$2
 com.mygdx.game.Pantalla.PantallaCreacion$3
com/mygdx/game/Pantalla/PantallaHistoria.java
 com.mygdx.game.Pantalla.PantallaHistoria
com/mygdx/game/Pantalla/PantallaMenu.java
 com.mygdx.game.Pantalla.PantallaMenu
com/mygdx/game/Elementos/GifDecoder.java
 com.mygdx.game.Elementos.GifDecoder
 com.mygdx.game.Elementos.GifDecoder$DixieMap
 com.mygdx.game.Elementos.GifDecoder$GifFrame
com/mygdx/game/MiJuego.java
 com.mygdx.game.MiJuego
com/mygdx/game/App/Combate.java
 com.mygdx.game.App.Combate
com/mygdx/game/App/Item.java
 com.mygdx.game.App.Item
com/mygdx/game/Pantalla/PantallaCarga.java
 com.mygdx.game.Pantalla.PantallaCarga
com/mygdx/game/Elementos/Personaje.java
 com.mygdx.game.Elementos.Personaje
com/mygdx/game/Elementos/Imagen.java
 com.mygdx.game.Elementos.Imagen
com/mygdx/game/Utiles/Recursos.java
 com.mygdx.game.Utiles.Recursos
com/mygdx/game/Pantalla/PantallaMapa.java
 com.mygdx.game.Pantalla.PantallaMapa
com/mygdx/game/App/Batalla.java
 com.mygdx.game.App.Batalla
com/mygdx/game/App/Habilidad.java
 com.mygdx.game.App.Habilidad
com/mygdx/game/App/Mochila.java
 com.mygdx.game.App.Mochila
com/mygdx/game/App/Main.java
 com.mygdx.game.App.Main
 com.mygdx.game.App.Main$1
